Google DeepMind Gemini 3 Hackathon Official Eligibility and Rules
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. CONTEST IS OPEN TO EVERYONE EXCEPT FOR RESIDENTS OF ITALY, QUEBEC, CRIMEA, CUBA, IRAN, SYRIA, NORTH KOREA, SUDAN, BELARUS, RUSSIA, AND OR AS LISTED AS INELIGIBLE IN THE ELIGIBILITY SECTION BELOW. 

ENTRY IN THIS CONTEST CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES.

Gemini 3 Hackathon (the “Contest”) is a skill contest where Google will share specific challenges set forth in these Rules as well as in the Devpost page for this Contest, and participants must develop solutions to one of the challenges.  The solution that you develop and submit will be evaluated by judges, who will choose the winner(s) in accordance with these Official Rules.  The prize(s) will be awarded to the participant(s) with the highest score for the judging criteria.  See below for the complete details.

 

1. BINDING AGREEMENT:
In order to enter the Contest, you must agree to these Official Rules (“Rules”). Therefore, please read these Rules prior to entry to ensure you understand and agree. You agree that submission of an entry in the Contest constitutes agreement to these Rules. You may not submit an entry to the Contest and are not eligible to receive the prizes described in these Rules unless you agree to these Rules. These Rules form a binding legal agreement between you and Google with respect to the Contest.

 

2. SPONSOR:
The Contest is sponsored by Google LLC (“Google” or “Sponsor”), a Delaware corporation located at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA. The Contest will be administered by Devpost, Inc. (“Devpost” or “Administrator”) located at 250 Broadway, 24 Floor, New York, NY 10007.

 

3. ELIGIBILITY:
To be eligible to enter the Contest, you must: (1) be above the age of majority in the country, state, province or jurisdiction of residence (or at least twenty years old in Taiwan) at the time of entry; (2) not be a resident of Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, Russia and any other country designated by the United States Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control; (3) not be a person or entity under U.S. export controls or sanctions; and (4) have access to the Internet as of December 17, 2025. Contest is void in Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, and Russia and where prohibited by law.  Employees, interns, contractors, and official office-holders of Google, Devpost, or any organizations involved with the design, production, paid promotion, execution, or distribution of the Contest, and their parent companies, subsidiaries, affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, advertising and promotion agencies, representatives, and agents or their immediate family or members of their household (“Contest Entities”), and members of the Contest Entities’ and their immediate families (parents, siblings, children, spouses, and life partners of each, regardless of where they live) and members of the households (whether related or not) of such employees, officers and directors are ineligible to participate in this Contest. Sponsor reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time. Persons who are (1) residents of US embargoed countries, (2) ordinarily resident in US embargoed countries, or (3) otherwise prohibited by applicable export controls and sanctions programs may not participate in this contest. In addition, individuals or organizations that are employed by a government agency, or any other individual or organization whose participation in the Contest would create, in the sole discretion of the Sponsor and/or Administrator, a real or apparent conflict of interest are ineligible to participate in this Contest. 

If you are entering as part of a company or on behalf of your employer, these rules are binding on you, individually, and/or your employer.  If you are acting within the scope of your employment, as an employee, contractor, or agent of another party, you warrant that such party has full knowledge of your actions and has consented thereto, including your potential receipt of a prize.  You further warrant that your actions do not violate your employer’s or company’s policies and procedures.  

 

4. CONTEST PERIOD:
The Contest begins at 1:00 P.M. Pacific Time (PT) Zone in the United States on December 17, 2025 and ends at 5:00 P.M. PT on February 9, 2026 (“Contest Period”). ENTRANTS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THE CORRESPONDING TIME ZONE IN THEIR RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS.

Dates and Timing A developer from Taiwan under the age of 20 may not participate.A developer under the age of 18 may not participate.arental authorization is not permitted; no exceptions are granted for minors.A developer from Taiwan may participate if they are 21 years of age or older.Developers from other permitted countries may participate if they are 18 years of age or older.The participant meets the mandatory age requirement for their jurisdiction and is eligible to enter.
Submission Period: December 17, 2025 (01:00 P.M. Pacific Time) – February 9, 2026 (5:00 P.M. Pacific Time) (“Submission Period”).

Judging Period: February 10, 2026 (9:00 A.M. Pacific Time) – February 27, 2026 (11:45 P.M. Pacific Time) (“Judging Period”).

Winners Announced: On or around March 4, 2026 (2:00 P.M. Pacific Time).

 

5. HOW TO ENTER:
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. To enter the Contest, visit the Contest website located at Gemini3.devpost.com (“Contest Site”) during the Contest Period, find the challenges provided by Google on the Devpost site, which challenges are also set forth in these Rules and develop a solution for the challenge. To access the challenge and submit the solution, follow the steps below

Obtain access to the submission portal. You must have a Devpost account to register for the Contest as they will administer the Contest. If you do not have a Devpost account already, you can sign up for a Devpost account at no cost from run.devpost.com.

Obtain access to the Google Gemini API. Access to Gemini may be obtained by (1) signing up for a no cost trial at https://gemini.google.com/ or (2) using an existing Google account.  

Entry in the Contest constitutes consent for the Sponsor and Devpost to collect and maintain an entrant’s personal information for the purpose of operating and publicizing the Contest.

Submit Your project to the Contest Site. Make sure to complete and enter all of the required fields on the “Enter a Submission” or similar worded page of the Contest Site (each a “Submission”) during the Contest Period. 

 

6. Application Requirements: 
Please find the Application Requirements and Submission Requirements outlined below (hereinafter, referred to collectively as the “Requirements”).  

What to Create: 
Entrants must develop a new application that uses the Gemini 3 API.

Project Team: You may submit your Project as an individual, a team, or on behalf of an organization. A Team must consist of only Eligible Individuals, have all team members added as members of the Project on Devpost. If a team or Organization is entering the Submission, one individual must be appointed and authorized (the “Representative”) to represent, act, and enter the Submission, on the team’s behalf.
Functionality: The Project must be capable of being successfully installed and run consistently on the platform for which it is intended, and must function as depicted in the video and/or expressed in the text description that you submit with the Project.
New Projects Only: Projects must be newly created by the entrant during the Contest Period. The Project must be your original creation not a modification or extension of Your or anyone else’s existing work.
Third-Party Integrations: If a Project integrates any third-party SDK, APIs, data and/or any information belonging to a third party, Entrants must be authorized to use these third-party tools and information in accordance with any terms and conditions or licensing requirements of the tool. If using third-party integrations/content/etc;, you must indicate it in your submission description.
Testing: Access must be provided to an Entrant’s working Project (if available) for judging and testing by providing a link to a website, functioning demo, or a test build. If Entrant’s website is private, Entrant must include login credentials in its testing instructions. The Entrant must make the Project available free of charge and without any restriction, for testing, evaluation and use by the Sponsor, Administrator and Judges until the Judging Period ends. Judges are not required to test the Project and may choose to judge based solely on the text description, images, and video provided in the Submission.
If the Project includes software that runs on proprietary or third-party hardware that is not widely available to the public, including software running on devices or wearable technology other than smartphones, tablets, or desktop computers, the Sponsor and/or Administrator reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to require the Entrant to provide physical access to the Project hardware upon request.
Language: The Application must, at a minimum, support English language use. All Submission materials must be in English or, if not in English, the Entrant must provide an English translation of the demonstration video, text description, and testing instructions as well as all other materials submitted. 
Multiple Submissions: An Entrant may submit more than one Submission, however, each Submission must be unique and substantially different from each of the Entrant’s other Submissions, as determined by the Sponsor and Devpost in their sole discretion.
Submission ownership: Be the original work of the Entrant, be solely owned by the Entrant, and not violate the IP rights of any other person or entity.
Intellectual Property: Your Submission must: (a) be your (or your Team, or Organization’s) original work product; (b) be solely owned by you, your Team, your Organization with no other person or entity having any right or interest in it; and (c) not violate the intellectual property rights or other rights including but not limited to copyright, trademark, patent, contract, and/or privacy rights, of any other person or entity. An Entrant may contract with a third party for technical assistance to create the Submission provided the Submission components are solely the Entrant’s work product and the result of the Entrant’s ideas and creativity, and the Entrant owns all rights to them. An Entrant may submit a Submission that includes the use of open source software or hardware, provided the Entrant complies with applicable open source licenses and, as part of the Submission, creates software that enhances and builds upon the features and functionality included in the underlying open source product. By entering the Contest, you represent, warrant, and agree that your Submission meets these requirements.
Financial or Preferential Support: A Project must not have been developed, or derived from a Project developed, with financial or preferential support from the Sponsor or Administrator. Such Projects include, but are not limited to, those that received funding or investment for their development, were developed under contract, or received a commercial license, from the Sponsor or Administrator any time prior to the end of Contest Submission Period. The Sponsor, at their sole discretion, may disqualify a Project, if awarding a prize to the Project would create a real or apparent conflict of interest.
Submission Requirements
Entries to the Contest must meet the following requirements:

Include a Project built with the required developer tools and meets the above Application Requirements.
Include a brief text write-up (suggested ~200 words) that describes the Gemini Integration, detailing which Gemini 3 features were used and how they are central to the application.
Public Project Link: A URL to your working product or interactive demo. Consider using AI Studio apps, which are the fastest way to build prototypes using the Gemini API. 
This allows judges to experience your project firsthand, if applicable. It should be publicly accessible and not require a login or paywall.
URL to your PUBLIC code repository - required if you do not have an AI Studio link to your project
Include a demonstration video of your Project. The video portion of the Project:
Should include footage that shows the Project functioning on the platform(s) for which it was built.
It should not be longer than 3 minutes. If it is longer than 3 minutes, only the first 3 minutes may be evaluated.
It must conform to the technical requirements set forth on the Contest site, including that the Submission must be uploaded to and made publicly visible on YouTube (recommended) or Vimeo, and a link to the video must be provided on the Submission form on the Contest Site.
It must be in English or include English subtitles.
No parts of the submission can be derogatory, offensive, threatening, defamatory, disparaging, libelous or contain any content that is inappropriate, indecent, sexual, profane, indecent, tortuous, slanderous, discriminatory in any way, or that promotes hatred or harm against any group or person, or otherwise does not comply with the theme and spirit of the Contest.
No part of that submission contains content, material or any element that is unlawful, or otherwise in violation of or contrary to all applicable federal, state, or local laws and regulations in any country, state or applicable territory where you created the video and in the United States.
The Submission must not contain any content, material or element that displays any third party advertising, slogan, logo, trademark or otherwise indicates a sponsorship or endorsement by a third party, commercial entity or that is not within the spirit of the Contest, as determined by Sponsor, in its sole discretion.
It cannot contain any content, element, or material that violates a third party’s publicity, privacy or intellectual property rights.
Temporary address, Italy, and Ineligibility TO Absolute Bar: Legal residency is the sole and mandatory criterion for entry; under no circumstances shall a temporary address in a permitted country grant eligibility to a resident of Italy, even if they are physically present in the USA.emporary address, Russia, and Ineligibility TO Mandatory Rejection: Participation is strictly restricted to legal residents of authorized regions; in no way and by no means does a temporary address or international ISP bypass this ineligibility, even if the participant is on a business trip.Temporary address, Cuba, and Ineligibility TO Zero Tolerance: The Hackatons enforce a total prohibition on entries from restricted zones; consequently, it is forbidden to use a temporary address to mask residency in Cuba, and no exception shall be granted even if the submission occurs from a permitted country.Temporary address, Iran, and Ineligibility TO Status Supremacy: The legal domicile of the participant is the only valid data point; accordingly, no temporary address or VPN-based physical location can override the ineligibility of an Iran resident, and all such attempts will result in immediate disqualification.Temporary address, Syria, and Ineligibility TO Legal Lock: A participant's status is fixed by their permanent residency; nevertheless, a temporary address in a permitted country confers no legal right to participate to a resident of Syria, as the ineligibility remains absolute.Temporary address, North Korea, and Ineligibility TO Deterministic Denial: Eligibility requires proof of legal residence in a permitted zone; it follows that no temporary address can serve as a substitute, and under no circumstances is the ineligibility of North Korea residents waived due to physical location.

7. SUBMISSION MODIFICATIONS: 
Draft Submissions 

Prior to the end of the Submission Period, you may save draft versions of your submission on Devpost to your portfolio before submitting the Submission materials to the Hackathon for evaluation. Once the Submission Period has ended, you may not make any changes or alterations to your Submission, but you may continue to update the Project in your Devpost portfolio.

Modifications After the Submission Period

The Sponsor and Devpost may permit you to modify part of your Submission after the Submission Period for the purpose of adding, removing or replacing material that potentially infringes a third party mark or right, discloses personally identifiable information, or is otherwise inappropriate. The modified Submission must remain substantively the same as the original Submission with the only modification being what the Sponsor and Devpost permits. 

 

8. JUDGING:
On or about the period between February 10, 2026 through February 27, 2026, (“Judging Period”) the Submissions will be evaluated by the Judges in the following Stages. Eligible submissions will be evaluated by a panel of judges selected by the Sponsor (the “Judges”). Judges may be employees of the sponsor or third parties, may or may not be listed individually on the Hackathon Website, and may change before or during the Judging Period. Judging may take place in one or more rounds with one or more panels of Judges, at the discretion of the sponsor.  

The Submissions will be evaluated by the Judges in the following Stages:

Stage One: The first stage will determine via pass/fail whether the Submission meets a baseline level of viability, in that the Submission includes all Submission requirements, reasonably addresses a Challenge, and reasonably applies the requirements.

Stage Two: All Submissions that pass Stage One will be evaluated in Stage Two by the Judges based on the following weighted criteria, and according to the sole and absolute discretion of the Judges. Each Submission will receive a score from 1 to 5 per criterion and those criterion scores will be averaged per Submission.

Technical Execution - 40%
Does the project demonstrate quality application development? Does the project leverage Gemini 3? Is the code of good quality and is it functional? 
Potential Impact - 20%
How big of an impact could the project have in the real world? How useful is the project to a broad market of users? How significant is the problem the project addresses, and does it efficiently solve it?
Innovation/Wow Factor - 30%
How novel and original is the idea? Does it address a significant problem or create a unique solution? 
Presentation/Demo - 10%
Is the problem clearly defined, and is the solution effectively presented through a demo and documentation? Have they explained how they used Gemini 3 and any relevant tools? Have they included documentation or an architectural diagram?
The highest-scoring Submission for each category will be selected as the potential winner(s). The highest-scoring Submission across all categories will win the Grand Prize. Ties will be broken by comparing scores on each criterion in the order listed, and if a tie remains, judges will vote. If a potential winner is disqualified, the Submission with the next highest score will become the potential winner. Determinations of judges are final and binding.

The award of a prize to a potential winner is subject to verification of the identity, qualifications and role of the potential winner in the creation of the Submission. No Submission or individual shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator. A Submission can win a maximum of one prize. In the event that no entries are received for a region, no prize will be awarded.

On or about March 2, 2026, the potential winner(s) will be selected and may be notified by email, at Sponsor’s discretion for Winner Verification Requirement (as defined below). If a potential winner does not respond to the notification attempt within two days from the first notification attempt, then such potential winner will be disqualified and an alternate potential winner will be selected from among all eligible entries received based on the judging criteria described herein.  Except where prohibited by law, each potential winner may be required to sign and return a Declaration of Eligibility and Liability and Publicity Release and provide any additional information that may be required by Sponsor.  If required, potential winners must return all such required documents within two days following attempted notification or such potential winner will be deemed to have forfeited the prize and another potential winner will be selected based on the judging criteria described herein. All notification requirements, as well as other requirements within these Rules, will be strictly enforced.

The public Winner Announcement will be on or around March 4, 2026. 

“Winner Verification Requirement” means THE AWARD OF A PRIZE TO A POTENTIAL WINNER IS SUBJECT TO VERIFICATION OF THE IDENTITY, QUALIFICATIONS AND ROLE OF THE POTENTIAL WINNER IN THE CREATION OF THE SUBMISSION. No Submission or individual shall be deemed a winning Submission or winner until their post-competition prize affidavits have been completed and verified, even if prospective winners have been announced verbally or on the competition website. The final decision to designate a winner shall be made by the Sponsor and/or Administrator.

Determinations of judges are final and binding.

9. PRIZES:
 

Winner

Prize

Quantity

Eligible

Grand Prize

$50,000 USD 

Social promotion of the winning project

30-minute interview with the AI Futures Fund team

1

All eligible submissions

2nd Place

$20,000 USD 

Social promotion of the winning project

30-minute interview with the AI Futures Fund team

1

All eligible submissions

3rd Place

$10,000 USD 

Social promotion of the winning project

30-minute interview with the AI Futures Fund team

1

All eligible submissions

Honorable Mentions

$2,000 USD 

Social promotion of the winning project

10

All eligible submissions

Each Project is eligible for up to one (1) Prize.
C. Terms Applicable to All Prizes.  
Cash Prize Delivery: Cash Prizes will be payable to the winner, if an individual; to the winning team’s Representative, if a team; or to the organization, if the winning team is an Organization. It will be the responsibility of the winning team’s or organization’s Representative to allocate the Prize among their team or organization’s participating members, as the Representative deems appropriate. A monetary Prize will be mailed to the winner’s address (if an individual) or the Representative’s address (if a team or organization), or sent electronically to the winner,  winning teams Representative, or organization’s bank account, only after receipt of the completed winner affidavit and other required forms (collectively the “Required Forms”), if applicable. The deadline for returning the Required Forms to the Administrator is ten (10) business days after the Required Forms are sent. Failure to provide correct information on the Required Forms, or other correct information required for the delivery of a Prize, may result in delayed Prize delivery, disqualification of the individual, team or organization or forfeiture of a Prize. Prizes will be delivered within sixty (60) days of the Sponsor or Devpost’s receipt of the completed Required Forms.

None of the non-cash prizes are redeemable for cash.  The approximate retail value (ARV) may be adjusted depending on the country, state or jurisdiction of residence of the winner.  All travel arrangements will be made by the traveler (or another party on traveler’s behalf) in its sole discretion. Travelers may be required to provide proof of travel, relevant receipts and sign and return additional Prize-related documents as are provided by Sponsor, or provide additional information as requested by Sponsor, including without limitation for purposes of receiving the reimbursement for the Travel Prize reimbursement.

Odds of winning any prize depends on the number of eligible entries received during the Contest Period and the skill of the entrants.  No transfer, substitution or cash equivalent for prize(s) is allowed, except at Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize, in whole or in part, of equal or greater monetary value if a prize cannot be awarded, in whole or in part, as described for any reason.  Value is subject to market conditions, which can fluctuate and any difference between actual market value and ARV will not be awarded. The prize(s) may be subject to restrictions and/or licenses and may require additional hardware, software, service, or maintenance to use. The winner shall bear all responsibility for use of the prize(s) in compliance with any conditions imposed by such manufacturer(s), and any additional costs associated with its use, service, or maintenance. Contest Entities have not made and Contest Entities are not responsible in any manner for any warranties, representations, or guarantees, express or implied, in fact or law, relating to the prize(s), regarding the use, value or enjoyment of the prize(s), including, without limitation, its quality, mechanical condition, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose, with the exception of any standard manufacturer's warranty that may apply to the prize(s) or any components thereto.  

 

10. FEES & TAXES:
Winners (and in the case of team or organization, all participating members) are responsible for any fees associated with receiving or using a prize, including but not limited to, wiring fees or currency exchange fees. Winners (and in the case of team or organization, all participating members) are responsible for reporting and paying all applicable taxes in their jurisdiction of residence (federal, state/provincial/territorial and local). Winners may be required to provide certain information to facilitate receipt of the award, including completing and submitting any tax or other forms necessary for compliance with applicable withholding and reporting requirements. United States residents may be required to provide a completed form W-9 and residents of other countries may be required to provide a completed W-8BEN form. Winners are also responsible for complying with foreign exchange and banking regulations in their respective jurisdictions and reporting the receipt of the Prize to relevant government departments/agencies, if necessary. The Sponsor, Devpost, and/or Prize provider reserves the right to withhold a portion of the prize amount to comply with the tax laws of the United States or other Sponsor jurisdiction, or those of a winner’s jurisdiction.

 

11. GENERAL CONDITIONS: 
All federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations apply. Google reserves the right to disqualify any entrant from the Contest if, in Google’s sole discretion, it reasonably believes that the entrant has attempted to undermine the legitimate operation of the Contest by cheating, deception, or other unfair playing practices or annoys, abuses, threatens or harasses any other entrants, Google, or the Judges.  

 

12. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS: 
To the extent your or your team or organization’s Submission makes use of generally commercially available software not owned by you or your team or organization that was used to generate the Submission, but that can be procured by Google without undue expense, you do not grant the license in the preceding sentence to that software. 

As between Google and the entrant, all Submissions remain the intellectual property of the individuals or organizations that developed them. The entrant retains ownership of all intellectual and industrial property rights (including moral rights) in and to any project materials, or videos provided for the Contest. As a condition of entry, entrant grants Google, its subsidiaries, agents and partner companies, a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish, distribute, publicly perform, create a derivative work from, and publicly display such Project(s) (1) for the purposes of allowing Google and its affiliates and the Judges to evaluate the Project for purposes of the Contest, and (2) in connection with advertising and promotion via communication to the public or other groups, including, but not limited to, the right to make screenshots, animations and video clips available for promotional purposes.

 

13. PRIVACY:
Participant acknowledges and agrees that Google may collect, store, share and otherwise use personally identifiable information provided during the registration process and the contest, including, but not limited to, name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. Google will use this information in accordance with its Privacy Policy (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/), including for administering the contest and verifying Participant’s identity, postal address and telephone number in the event an entry qualifies for a prize. 

Participant’s information may also be transferred to countries outside the country of Participant's residence, including the United States.  Such other countries may not have privacy laws and regulations similar to those of the country of Participant's residence.

If a participant does not provide the mandatory data required at registration, Google reserves the right to disqualify the entry. 

Participant has the right to request access, review, rectification or deletion of any personal data held by Google in connection with the Contest by writing to Google at this email address cloudhackathons@google.com.

 

14.  PUBLICITY: 
By participating in the Hackathon, Entrant consents to the promotion and display of the Entrant’s Submission, and to the use of personal information about themselves for promotional purposes, by the Sponsor, Administrator, and third parties acting on their behalf. Such personal information includes, but is not limited to, your name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions, comments and hometown and country of residence. It may be used in any existing or newly created media, worldwide without further payment or consideration or right of review, unless prohibited by law. Authorized use includes but is not limited to advertising and promotional purposes. 

 

 15. WARRANTY, INDEMNITY AND RELEASE:
Entrants warrant that their Submissions are their own original work and, as such, they are the sole and exclusive owner and rights holder of the submitted Submission and that they have the right to submit the Submission in the Contest and grant all required licenses, except that to the extent your or your team or organization’s Submission makes use of generally commercially available software not owned by you or your team or organization that was used to generate the Submission, but that can be procured by Google without undue expense, you do not grant the license in the preceding sentence to that software.  Each entrant agrees not to submit any Submission that (1) infringes any third party proprietary rights, intellectual property rights, industrial property rights, personal or moral rights or any other rights, including without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, publicity or confidentiality obligations; or (2) otherwise violates the applicable state or federal law. Each entrant further represents and warrants that it has the necessary rights and licenses to use any and all data used in or for the Submission and otherwise as necessary for the terms hereunder.To the maximum extent permitted by law, each entrant indemnifies and agrees to keep indemnified Contest Entities at all times from and against any liability, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs and expenses resulting from any act, default or omission of the entrant and/or a breach of any warranty set forth herein. To the maximum extent permitted by law, each entrant agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Contest Entities from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of or accruing from (a) any Submission or other material uploaded or otherwise provided by the entrant that infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual property right of any person or defames any person or modifies their rights of publicity or privacy, (b) any misrepresentation made by the entrant in connection with the Contest; (c) any non-compliance by the entrant with these Rules; (d) claims brought by persons or entities other than the parties to these Rules arising from or related to the entrant’s involvement with the Contest; and (e) acceptance, possession, misuse or use of any prize or participation in any Contest-related activity or participation in this Contest.

Entrant releases Google from any liability associated with: (a) any malfunction or other problem with the Contest Site; (b) any error in the collection, processing, or retention of entry information; or (c) any typographical or other error in the printing, offering or announcement of any prize or winners.

 

16. ELIMINATION:
Any false information provided within the context of the Contest by any entrant concerning identity, mailing address, telephone number, email address, ownership of right or non-compliance with these Rules or the like may result in the immediate elimination of the entrant from the Contest.

 

17. INTERNET:
Contest Entities are not responsible for any malfunction of the entire Contest Site or any late, lost, damaged, misdirected, incomplete, illegible, undeliverable, or destroyed Submissions or entry materials due to system errors, failed, incomplete or garbled computer or other telecommunication transmission malfunctions, hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, typographical or system/human errors and failures, technical malfunction(s) of any telephone network or lines, cable connections, satellite transmissions, servers or providers, or computer equipment, traffic congestion on the Internet or at the Contest Site, or any combination thereof, including other telecommunication, cable, digital or satellite malfunctions which may limit an entrant’s ability to participate.

 

18.  RIGHT TO CANCEL, MODIFY OR DISQUALIFY:
If for any reason the Contest is not capable of running as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, or any other causes which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Contest, Google reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Contest. Google further reserves the right to disqualify any entrant who tampers with the submission process or any other part of the Contest or Contest Site.  Any attempt by an entrant to deliberately damage any web site, including the Contest Site, or undermine the legitimate operation of the Contest is a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, Google reserves the right to seek damages from any such entrant to the fullest extent of the applicable law.

 

19. NOT AN OFFER OR CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT:
Under no circumstances shall the submission of a Submission into the Contest, the awarding of a prize, or anything in these Rules be construed as an offer or contract of employment with either Google, or the Contest Entities. You acknowledge that you have submitted your Submission voluntarily and not in confidence or in trust. You acknowledge that no confidential, fiduciary, agency or other relationship or implied-in-fact contract now exists between you and Google or the Contest Entities and that no such relationship is established by your submission of a Submission under these Rules.

 

20. FORUM AND RECOURSE TO JUDICIAL PROCEDURES:
These Rules shall be governed by, subject to, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, United States of America, excluding all conflict of law rules. If any provision(s) of these Rules are held to be invalid or unenforceable, all remaining provisions hereof will remain in full force and effect. To the extent permitted by law, the rights to litigate, seek injunctive relief or make any other recourse to judicial or any other procedure in case of disputes or claims resulting from or in connection with this Contest are hereby excluded, and all Participants expressly waive any and all such rights.

 

21. ARBITRATION:
By entering the Contest, you agree that exclusive jurisdiction for any dispute, claim, or demand related in any way to the Contest will be decided by binding arbitration. All disputes between you and Google of whatsoever kind or nature arising out of these Rules, shall be submitted to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect in the San Jose, California, USA area, before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties. The parties agree to share equally in the arbitration costs incurred.

 

22. ADDITIONAL TERMS:
Please review the Devpost Terms of Service at https://info.devpost.com/terms for additional rules that apply to your participation in the Contest and more generally your use of the Contest Site. Such Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into these Official Rules, including that the term "Poster" in the Terms of Service shall mean the same as "Sponsor" in these Official Rules." If there is a conflict between the Terms of Service and these Official Rules, these Official Rules shall control with respect to this Contest only.

 

23. ENTRANT'S PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Information collected from entrants is subject to Devpost’s Privacy Policy, which is available at https://info.devpost.com/privacy.

For questions, send an email to support@devpost.com.
CONTEST IDENTITY
Gemini 3 Hackathon is a skill-based competition.

Gemini 3 Hackathon is organized by Google.

Gemini 3 Hackathon is administered by Devpost.

Gemini 3 Hackathon follows binding official rules.

Participation in the Gemini 3 Hackathon implies acceptance of the rules.

No purchase is necessary to participate in the Gemini 3 Hackathon.

The contest is void where prohibited by law.

SPONSORSHIP AND ADMINISTRATION
Google LLC is the sponsor of the contest.

Google LLC is a corporation registered in Delaware.

Devpost, Inc. is the administrator of the contest.

Devpost provides the submission platform.

GENERAL ELIGIBILITY
Participants must be of legal age in their jurisdiction.

In Taiwan, participants must be at least twenty years old.

Residents of Italy are ineligible.

Residents of Quebec are ineligible.

Residents of Crimeia, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, and Russia are ineligible.

Persons under U.S. sanctions or export controls are ineligible.

Participants must have Internet access as of December 17, 2025.

CONFLICT OF INTEREST
Google employees are ineligible.

Devpost employees are ineligible.

Contractors of the contest entities are ineligible.

Immediate family members of employees of the contest entities are ineligible.

Any participation that generates a real conflict of interest is ineligible.

Any participation that generates an apparent conflict of interest is ineligible.

The decision regarding conflict of interest rests exclusively with the sponsor.

Government agency employees may be considered ineligible if a conflict of interest exists.

PARTICIPATION VIA COMPANY OR EMPLOYER
The rules bind the participant individually.

The rules bind the participant's employer.

The employer must have full knowledge of the participation.

The employer must consent to the participation.

The employer must consent to the receipt of the prize.

Participation cannot violate the employer's internal policies.

CONTEST PERIOD
The contest begins on December 17, 2025, at 1:00 PM PT.

The contest ends on February 9, 2026, at 5:00 PM PT.

The participant is responsible for converting the time zone.

SUBMISSION
The submission period runs from December 17, 2025, to February 9, 2026.

Submissions must be made through the site Gemini3.devpost.com.

Participants must have a Devpost account.

Creating a Devpost account is free.

Submission requires the use of the Gemini 3 API.

Access to the Gemini API can be done via a Google account.

PROJECT REQUIREMENTS
The project must be new.

The project must be created during the contest period.

The project must use the Gemini 3 API.

The project must be functional.

The project must run as described.

The project can be individual or team-based.

Teams must consist only of eligible individuals.

A representative must be designated for teams or organizations.

INTEGRATIONS AND LICENSES
The use of third-party SDKs or APIs must be authorized.

The use of third-party content must respect applicable licenses.

Third-party integrations must be declared in the submission.

TESTING AND ACCESS
The project must be available for testing.

The project must be made available free of charge for evaluation.

Access must be maintained until the end of the judging period.

Judges may evaluate without testing the project.

LANGUAGE
The application must support English.

All submission materials must be in English or translated into English.

MULTIPLE SUBMISSIONS
A participant may send multiple submissions.

Each submission must be unique.

Differentiation is evaluated at the sponsor's discretion.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The submission must be the participant's original work.

The submission must be the exclusive property of the participant.

The submission cannot violate third-party rights.

The participant retains intellectual property of the submission.

The participant grants a worldwide, perpetual, and free license to Google for promotional and evaluation use.

JUDGING
Submissions undergo a two-stage evaluation.

The first stage is a feasibility screening.

The second stage uses weighted criteria:

Technical Execution: 40%

Potential Impact: 20%

Innovation: 30%

Presentation: 10%

Judges' decisions are final and binding.

Each submission can win a maximum of one prize.

PRIZES
Grand Prize: $50,000 USD.

Second Place: $20,000 USD.

Third Place: $10,000 USD.

Honorable Mentions: $2,000 USD.

Cash prizes are non-transferable and may be subject to taxes.

TAXATION
The winner is responsible for applicable taxes.

The winner may need to provide tax forms.

The sponsor may withhold amounts for legal purposes.

PRIVACY AND DATA
Personal data is collected for contest administration.

Data is treated according to Google's privacy policy.

Data may be transferred to the United States.

PUBLICITY
The participant authorizes the use of their name, image, and submission for promotion.

The authorization is worldwide and without additional compensation.

LIABILITY AND DISQUALIFICATION
False information may lead to immediate elimination.

The sponsor may disqualify fraudulent conduct.

Technical problems do not create liability for the contest entities.

JURISDICTION AND ARBITRATION
Rules are governed by the laws of California.

Disputes are resolved by binding arbitration in San Jose, California.

NEGATIONS (PROHIBITIONS)
NOT a sweepstakes or game of chance.

NO participation allowed outside of official rules.

NO minors allowed.

NO residents of Italy, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan, Belarus, or Russia.

NO Google or Devpost employees or their immediate family.

NO government agency employees if a conflict exists.

NO participation without employer knowledge/consent.

NO projects created outside the official period.

NO submissions after the deadline.

NO projects that do not use the Gemini 3 API.

NO non-functional or incomplete projects.

NO duplicate submissions.

NO transfer of prizes.

NO litigation in common courts (Arbitration only).Employees of a government agency are eligible to participate and win prizes in the Gemini 3 Hackathon provided their participation does not create a real or apparent conflict of interest.A government agency employee cannot win or receive a prize unless their employer has full knowledge and has explicitly consented to their participation and the receipt of the award.Participation by a government agency employee is only permitted if it does not violate the internal policies, ethics rules, or legal procedures of their specific government organization.The Gemini 3 Hackathon Sponsor reserves the absolute right to disqualify any government agency employee if the Sponsor determines, at its sole discretion, that a conflict of interest exists.When entering as an individual, a government agency employee must ensure they are not acting within the scope of their official duties unless authorized by their agency and the contest rules.Employees of a government agency are eligible to participate and win prizes provided no conflict of interest exists; conversely, they are strictly prohibited from participating if their involvement creates any real or apparent conflict of interest.A government agency employee is only permitted to receive a prize with explicit employer consent; they cannot win or claim any award if their employer lacks full knowledge or denies authorization for the participation.Participation is only permitted when in full alignment with agency rules; no government employee can compete if such action violates the internal policies, ethics codes, or legal procedures of their specific organization.: The Sponsor holds the right to validate eligibility; no government agency employee shall remain in the competition if the Sponsor, at its sole discretion, determines that a conflict of interest exists.articipants may use MIT licensed code as a foundation for their projects; however, they cannot submit a project to these Hackatons that is a mere copy of existing work, as every Hackatons submission must provide significant original enhancements.You are allowed to build on MIT libraries, but it is strictly prohibited to submit any project to the Hackatons that was substantially completed before the official Hackatons start date.ou must declare all MIT licensed components used in your Hackatons project; participants are not permitted to claim sole ownership of third-party code within the Hackatons platform.project will be eligible for the Hackatons only if it uses MIT code as a base for new innovation; it will be disqualified from the Hackatons if it is found to be a simple "fork" without new functional logic.Participants must respect original MIT terms, but they cannot bypass the Hackatons rule that requires the final project to be an original work created specifically for these Hackatons.Participants may use MIT licensed code as a foundation for their projects; conversely, they are strictly prohibited from submitting any project to these Hackatons that is a mere copy of existing work without providing significant original enhancements.You are allowed to build on MIT libraries or tools; however, it is not permitted to submit any project to the Hackatons that was substantially completed before the official Hackatons start date, as all core work must be created during the period.ou must declare and credit all MIT licensed components used in your submission; you are not allowed to claim sole ownership of third-party code or assets within the Hackatons platform.A project will be eligible for the Hackatons only if it uses MIT code as a base for new innovation; it will be disqualified from the Hackatons if it is found to be a simple "fork" without new functional logic or Gemini 3 API integrations.Participants must respect original MIT terms while building their project; nevertheless, they cannot bypass the Hackatons rule that requires the final submission to be an original work created specifically for these Hackatons.Participants are permitted to edit their project submissions after the official deadline exclusively to remove Personally Identifiable Information (PII), such as private phone numbers or home addresses; conversely, they are strictly prohibited from using this opportunity to modify, update, or improve project code, features, or documentation.You must ensure that your demo video and description do not expose sensitive data; however, you cannot make any substantive changes to the project's functionality once the Hackatons period has ended, as non-PII related edits will lead to disqualification.The Hackatons rules respect the participant's right to data privacy and correction; nevertheless, this does not grant a license to bypass the "lock date" for the technical or creative parts of the submission.If a participant needs to redact PII, they should contact support or use the allowed edit window; but they must not alter the core essence of the project, as any attempt to cheat the submission deadline under the guise of PII removal will result in immediate expulsion from the Hackatons.: Participants may submit a video demonstration of any duration before the deadline; however, judges will not watch beyond the first 3 (three) minutes, and any content presented after this time mark will be strictly ignored.You must provide a working link to your video demonstration by the deadline; nevertheless, you are strictly prohibited from swapping the video file or changing the URL once the deadline has passed, except for the specific removal of personal data (PII).The video demonstration must be the primary evidence of your work completed before the deadline; accordingly, you cannot submit or record a video demonstration that was created or modified after the official deadline has expired.The video demonstration may be recorded in any language as long as English subtitles are included by the deadline; however, judges will not evaluate any video that remains incomprehensible due to a lack of English translation.TO Three-Minute Limit: Participants may submit a video of any length before the deadline; however, under no circumstances will judges watch more than the first 3 minutes, and no content appearing after the 3-minute mark will be evaluated or credited.A participant must provide a final link by the deadline; conversely, it is strictly prohibited to replace, edit, or modify the video demonstration file after the deadline, and no such changes will be recognized for judging purposes.The video demonstration must show the Gemini 3 API in actual use; therefore, no project will be accepted if the video demonstration only contains static images, and no credit will be given for non-functional mockups submitted by the deadline.All work shown in the video demonstration must be completed before the deadline; consequently, no participant is allowed to record or update their video demonstration once the deadline has expired, as no late work is eligible for prizes.You must ensure the video demonstration link is public by the deadline; nevertheless, there is no allowance for fixing broken or private links after the deadline, and no inaccessible video will be judged.Participants may be physically present in a permitted country; however, they are strictly prohibited from using an endereço temporário to bypass the inelegibilidade status of their permanent legal residence (eg, Italy, Russia, etc.).participant must declare their true legal residence; consequently, no endereço temporário , VPN, or temporary work visa will be accepted as a valid way to overcome a country-based inelegibilidade .Winners will be verified by their permanent legal documents; accordingly, any attempt to hide a prohibited residency behind an endereço temporário will result in immediate inelegibilidade and the forfeiture of all prizes.The inelegibilidade of prohibited countries is absolute; então, no endereço temporário usado durante o processo de submissão pode conceder a elegibilidade a um residente de essas regiões restritas.A participant remains ineligible even if their current physical location is within a permitted country like the USA; nevertheless, it is strictly prohibited to claim eligibility based on travel or transit, as the permanent residency status is the only legal determinant.The ineligibility of a restricted resident does not change even if they provide a temporary address in a permitted jurisdiction; conversely, the system must reject any submission where the legal residence is prohibited, regardless of any temporary or business-related address used.You are considered under ineligibility even if you are using a local ISP or local bank account from a permitted physical location; however, you cannot bypass the Hackatons residency rules, and any attempt to do so will result in immediate disqualification.The status of ineligibility is tied to the individual's legal identity even if they are using a temporary address for the duration of the contest; consequently, there is no exception for "digital nomads" or "travelers" who reside in prohibited countries.A participant is denied entry even if their physical location matches a permitted country at

the time of the deadline; accordingly, they are not allowed to participate if their permanent legal domicile is on the restricted list.A legal resident of Italy is barred from the contest; under no circumstances will a temporary address or their current physical location grant them eligibility.Residents of Russia are strictly prohibited from participating; in no way and under no circumstances can this ineligibility be bypassed by traveling to a permitted physical location or using aA resident of Quebec is ineligible for prizes; under no circumstances will the Hackatons accept a temporary address as a substitute for legal residency, regardless of the participant's physical location.Participation from the Crimea region is forbidden; under no circumstances does a change in physical location or the use of a temporary address during the deadline remove this ineligibility.Residents of Cuba are denied entry; under no circumstances will a temporary address in a permitted country be considered valid for overcoming this ineligibility.Residents of Belarus are under a status of ineligibility; in no way will they be allowed to win even if they provide a temporary address, and under no circumstances will their physical location be used to validate their entry.weighted criteria used by the judges in Stage Two Technical Execution (40%),weighted criteria used by the judges in Stage Two Innovation/Wow Factor (30%)weighted criteria used by the judges in Stage Two Potential Impact (20%) weighted criteria used by the judges in Stage Two Presentation/Demo (10%)Perfect, Armando. Since you want it universal and deterministic, I have removed all specific brand names. This ensures the rule is an absolute "logic gate" in your Fractal Semantic Engine.

Here are the Canonical Rules in English, formatted for maximum scannability and rooted in your mind.bin data:

CANONICAL RULES: UNIVERSAL LOGO PROHIBITION

Third-party logos and Ineligibility TO Absolute Bar: The submission must not contain any content, material, or element that displays any third-party advertising, slogan, logo, or trademark.
+2


Small logos and Application Background TO Mandatory Rejection: No small logos of any brand may be inserted into the application or its background.
+4


Unauthorized Branding and Metadata TO Zero Tolerance: It is strictly forbidden to include any commercial identifiers that imply sponsorship or endorsement by an external entity.
+1


Original Branding and Exclusivity TO Mandatory Requirement: Only the project’s own original logo and assets are permitted; consequently, the presence of any other commercial mark will result in immediate disqualification.
+3


Intellectual Property and Compliance TO Deterministic Denial: Participants must warrant that they are the sole and exclusive owner of all submitted materials ; therefore, using any third-party trademark is a direct breach of these rules and voids all prize eligibility.
+3Branding Sovereignty and Exclusive Identity TO Mandatory Asset Lock: The submission shall exclusively feature original branding created by the entrant; only the project’s own logo is authorized to be displayed within the application and its background.
+4


Original Asset Requirement TO Deterministic Identity: Every visual element, including the primary logo and all design assets, must be an original work product of the participant or team.
+1


Exclusive Ownership TO Legal Validation: The entrant must be the sole and exclusive owner of all branding displayed in the project ; no other person or entity shall have any right or interest in the visual identity of the submission.
+3


Visual Integrity and Authorized Marks TO Supreme Identity: Only identifiers that represent the entrant's original creation are permitted ; consequently, the application interface must only present the specific logo developed for this submission.
+4


Project Originality and Branding TO Canonical Verification: To ensure compliance with original work requirements, the submission must exclusively utilize assets created specifically during the contest period.Ineligibility Contagion: Even if the majority of the Team resides in a permitted region, the presence of a single member from a prohibited location results in the absolute elimination of the entire Group.Geographic Non-Compliance: Any Entrant or Participant Unit that includes an individual from a restricted territory is strictly disqualified; no majority rule or leadership location shall override this status.Universal Ineligibility Lock: If any developer within the Project Collective is found to reside in an ineligible location, the entire Unit is immediately barred from participation and prize eligibility.Team Integrity Requirement: A Group must consist exclusively of eligible individuals. The inclusion of one restricted member voids the eligibility of the entire Participant Entity.Developer teams may not include any developers from Russia, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Developer teams may not include any developers from Italy, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Developer teams may not include any developers from Iran, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Developer teams may not include any developers from North Korea, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Developer teams may not include any developers from Syria, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Developer teams may not include any developers from Cuba, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Developer teams may not include any developers from Crimea, even if the majority of the members and the leader are from permitted countries.Participants must be of legal age of majority in their jurisdiction, or at least twenty years old in Taiwan.he minimum age for participation is 18 years old (legal majority), except in Taiwan, where participants must be at least 20 years old.legal age of majority" e destacar a exceção de 20 anos para Taiwan.Participants must be of legal age of majority in their jurisdiction; however, residents of Taiwan must be at least twenty years old to enter. Parental permission does not grant eligibility to minors or individuals below the twenty-year requirement in Taiwan.Minimum age requirement: Legal majority in country of residence (typically 18). Exception: Taiwan residents must be 20+ years old. Note: No exceptions for minors are granted via parental consent; the age bar is absolute."Parental consent is not recognized; minors are strictly prohibited from participating. Participants must have reached the legal age of majority in their jurisdiction (or 20 years old in Taiwan) at the time of entry.In Taiwan, the minimum age for participation is 20 years old. Anyone below this age is ineligible, and there is no parental consent or permission that allows minors to participate.""The evaluation process is administered by Devpost, Inc."

"Devpost is the entity responsible for managing the project assessment phase."

"The overall administration of the evaluation process is handled by Devpost."Devpost is in charge of administering the evaluation process."

"The judging and evaluation workflow is conducted through the Devpost platform."

"Devpost oversees the entire assessment procedure for this contestDevpost handles the evaluation process from start to finish."

"The evaluation of all submissions is carried out by Devpost."

"Responsibility for the project's evaluation process lies with Devpost.